want to hear something insane every 6
seconds acquisition. comom portfolio
companies get a new lead so I'm going to
teach you how to get new customers so
fast it feels illegal and as I've done
this we've gotten three leads one at the
first second one at the 6C one at the 12
seconds and right now we just got
another lead and so the first way to do
this every business wants more leads but
none of them want to give good stuff
away for free and so my favorite
marketing strategy for getting tons of
leads is step one look at what other
people are charging for step two look at
the Hard costs of what it would cost for
you to deliver it step three give that
thing away for free step four see how
many leads you get step five see how
many you convert so this is the idea is
that you can give something
significantly better away for free than
everyone else does ideally something
that other people actually charge for
and when if you really want to be a
Savage about it which why wouldn't you
want to be a Savage about it you make it
even better than what they have now
number two these kind of bets are hard
for an employee to make because if you
are somebody who's a an awesome marketer
or that's your your primary skills
you're good at promotion you're good at
advertising then I have made this
mistake before and I've gotten too far
away all right so this is where
everyone's working everyone's doing this
I don't know why it's a hashtag but this
is what work looks like and this is me
over here not doing the work what
happens is this distance basically
dilutes down my marketing skills and I
end up basically having a department of
people that are using their best skill
set rather than mine and so the business
loses the biggest asset it has which is
me or you and so like Mr Beast is still
involved in the creation of his videos
Steve Jobs still approved every final ad
that went out for Apple so Legend says
and so I think that the traditional
setup is for the most part made by
corporates who aren't Founders who
aren't driving output they're just like
meeting quarterly earnings they're
they're not really changing the world
and so I have put my my big kind of
words on
this fewer better and what that means is
that you're going to have to back up
your investment and talent
with finances and so what I mean by that
is if you were to build an department
and say okay I need to hire a few people
for $775,000 a year okay just use it as
simple math well those may be a players
b players C players who knows but an a
player may be able to do quite literally
five times 10 times the output 25 times
the output of a b player and and so
marketing is one of these roles that has
tremendous leverage and so in thinking
about this I think I've changed the way
that I see building marketing
departments
phenomenally which is most similar role
in a business that I can think of that
we have in the portfolio is actually a
developer so hear me out developers
typically have technical career paths
which means that you can be a level one
level two level three level four level
five all the way up and as they go up
they make more money and the reason for
that is because one amazing developer
can make something that millions of
people see so one of the old Legends of
Google is that there was a particularly
amazing coder they had bought some old
version of Google Maps as an acquisition
they kept trying to deal with the code
and then one really high leverage coder
remade the entire product over a weekend
and then that is ultimately what became
the codebase that we still use today as
Google Maps and so one man made that
that's how much skill he was able to
bring to the table now here's where it
makes sense from a business
perspective that one guy maybe you have
to pay him 10 times more than a
traditional coder but if that guy can
make a million times the output of one
guy then it's still an amazing deal and
so the thing is that there is outsized
Returns on Talent at the top end and
there's a reason that the biggest
technology companies the biggest
companies in the world are in a war for
talent I was thinking about this as it
relates to marketing because in many of
the the businesses that I've started
marketing has been traditionally underst
staffed or overstaffed rarely
appropriately staffed it's understaffed
when it's really just me and like a
couple people and when we do that it's
because I have a ton of skills in
marketing and so we can get away with
very few people on the flip side when I
get too far away I usually bring someone
in and they just bring a lot of bodies
but what ends up happening is that the
output goes down a lot and so at gym
launch there was a period of time where
we had 17 people in marketing and once I
got rid of the leader I moved in and I
took the team from 17 to five and then
output tripled and so I say this because
the people who have skills are the ones
that are moving the needle and so if I
have three guys for
75k and they create 3x output one of the
really interesting things about
knowledge work specifically marketing
coding is one of these is that the
difference between the best guy and the
worst guy in marketing
isn't like the best guy who can cut a
lawn and the worst guy who can cut a
lawn the worst guy who can cut a lawn
maybe it takes him an entire day and the
best guy maybe takes him you know a
third of a day because he's sprinting
the whole time so maybe you get a 3X
increase because somebody is better and
so you'd be limited by how much you'd be
able to pay someone more for that
quality and that
speed whereas with somebody in marketing
somebody who's a zero marketer versus a
10 marketer the 10 marketer might
literally be able to do a 100 million
times more of the output because one guy
with skill and an iPhone can get 100
million view video and that kind of
Leverage is why it pays to pay better
and so this is something that I've been
obsessed with uh of late and I'm trying
to relay this to each of the portfolio
Founders in making sure that we're
keeping the marketing divisions tight so
that we have the highest leverag people
in the highest leverag positions with
incentivized performance so that we
access their discretionary effort to
maximize their skill sets the most
important thing that you can take away
from this is that the best advertisers
don't need many people and if you have
no one who's in your quote marketing
department that means you and it's a
game that you have to learn there are a
few things that every founder has to
learn at a basic level you have to know
the core business you have to know how
to get customers you have to know how to
deliver customers just about everything
else you can Outsource but those two
things are core to every business and so
if you don't know how to get new
customers you need to fix that so the
next big one that can get you more
outsize customers than anything else is
answering a specific question which I
ask as a great thought exercise with our
team is what would it
take to be number
one and another way of asking this
question is what what else would have to
be true for us to be number one in our
market and so when we actually
hypothesize about this we think okay
what would it look like for us to be
number one what else would have to be
true what else would have to have
occurred what's interesting about this
question is that it circumvents the
traditional incremental thinking meaning
instead of saying okay we're just going
to do 10% more we're going to do 10%
better we're going to do 20% better when
you start with the end in mind from a
what would it take for us to be number
one we assume the goal outcome and the
crazy thing about this question is that
you might be 1/ 100th the size of the
number one player in the market but it
assumes what it would take to be a 100
times bigger and then it gets reverse
engineered into the present and so what
happens often times when I ask this
question is they usually State one or
two key big things that would have to
happen for the business to be number one
and then I ask what would it cost for us
to do that do we have the resources in
order to make that happen and more times
than not we actually have the resources
to make that happen then the next actual
question is then why are we not putting
every one of the resources we have right
now towards making that come true rather
than just continuing on the path that
we're on and so this is an order of
magnitude increase in terms of business
growth and ultimately what generates the
most leads and customers and so when I
ask myself this question years ago it
was what would it take for me to be the
number one business Channel right what
would it take for that to happen the
question beyond that was what would it
take for us to be able to have one of
the best investment firms in the world
and I was like well I would have to have
many many many more years of experience
it's like I don't know if I can do that
I can't make time happen faster so then
I followed with okay so for me to be the
best investor then what I would want is
the most deal flow so what are the
different ways of creating deal flow one
of them is you can just go to broker
networks so you go to investment bankers
you get them to send you deals and then
you bid on those deals but if I want to
be the best investor in the world then I
need deals that only come to me and so I
was like okay well thankfully I'm pretty
good at marketing and so I was like why
don't I like what would what would have
to be true for me to get lots of inbound
deal flow I was like okay well probably
building a massive brand around business
and so then the the question was how do
I build the number one brand business
online and so it's the series of
questions that I asked and then it was
okay well I should probably start making
content around this and I should
probably write a book or something that
would do really well that is in the
business space that business owners
would read and then think wow this guy
knows what he's talking about and so by
doing those things by publishing the
books by making the content consistently
and the moment I realized that that was
what it would take I basically put all
of my resources towards doing that
despite the fact that in the moment it
basically meant nothing it meant that I
had to go write a book it meant that I
had to start making content but I did
all of those things because I thought
for me to be number one I need to have
proprietary deal flow for me to have
proprietary deal flow I need to have a
big big business brand for me to have a
big business brand I need to make more
content that's better than everybody
else and so that's what I'll start doing
now and that's where I'll allocate my
resources even though I could have done
a lot of different things that was the
one that I felt at the time would give
me the most leverage and so far it has
worked out but asking that type of
question you don't get to that type of
solution unless you ask the what would
it take to be number one and then
sometimes the answer surprise you
because you do have the resources to do
it you just haven't yet and the reason
this question is so powerful is actually
from Step schwarzman so in in his book
or his autobiography I think it's what
it takes I think it's what it's called
he has this really amazing uh opening
couple of chapters and he talks about
this idea of thinking big and he says
building a really big business is hard
building a small business is hard so
basically it's just about as hard to do
anything because hard is a constant so
you might as well go after something
really big with the equivalent amounts
of hardness now we can get into
difficulty levels or whatever but
basically the upside of the incremental
inre in hardness is
outsized and so if you want to build a
really successful restaurant it's going
to take you a really long time if the
man it's lots of people and and it's
it's a tough business and if you want to
build one of the top software companies
in the world it's also going to take a
long time and be really hard but one of
those could get you into the many
billions and one of them will probably
cap at a million dollars or $2 million a
year and so in thinking about that both
of them require the same internal
resources from you but very different
external resources and so it's like you
might as well solve for the biggest
thing and this is about resourcefulness
not resources if we wanted to be number
one in the market part of having propri
to De flow comes with two big advantages
and this works the same if you're
selling customers the same idea selling
a vacuum but there's there's two
different ways that you can sell in a
vacuum and the reason selling a vacuum
is so important is because when you sell
in a vacuum you no longer have to
compete on price or in my instance terms
and so the first is you sell where no
one else is selling so that's you find
the little Pond where there are no other
fishermen and then you fish there and
you get all the fish you want the second
way is to sell something that no one
else sells and so one is a
where thing and the other is a what
thing so either you create something
unique that you have some sort of
feature or service that no one else can
do because you have some sort of
technological advantage fundamentally
this is what Elon does in every one of
his businesses he's happy to go where
it's super competitive but he just sells
something that no one else can sell and
then he can command a premium price for
it the alternative is to be good at
providing value at scale to people so
you get inbound demand and then at that
point they're not choosing between you
and six other people they're saying I'm
either working with you or I'm not doing
it all right this next one is huge which
is pre is greater than post or uh an
ounce of pre is worth a pound of post
all right so as I've advertised in many
different ways and many different
channels for different Industries I have
seen this consistently be reinforced for
me what happens for most people is they
forget to advertise and then they try
and play catchup and they hop in front
of the camera they sit in front of the
computer and they start typing things
out and then they hit post they hit
submit they run the ad they they post
content this then gets propagated as the
process and so they hire more people and
then they more or less do the same thing
and then when the stuff sucks they say
we'll fix it in post but the problem is
is that post has very low leverage and
very high cost whereas pre has
incredibly High leverage and very low
cost but it just takes more mental work
so let me break this down an idea for a
video for example has tremendous
leverage more leverage than just about
everything else if there is a video
concept that more people would click and
watch to see that idea itself even
poorly executed will get an order of
magnitude greater amounts of people to
watch the content or watch the ad than
otherwise and so putting more time into
pre is the highest leverage activity
that you can do and so more of my time
now when I make ads for example for
school I will spend on the
pre-production that will be looking at
past ads that performed well looking at
the hooks that continue to to do well
making sure that we have some props and
things like that that we can use as
visual aids and then when we actually do
the recording it's very short and the
the post- production because all of the
work is already in the video there's
very little that must be done afterwards
and so what happens is the rate of
progress and output increases to use a a
big word
tremendously and so the only reason for
post- production especially in education
is to enhance comprehension meaning to
make it easier for people to get what
the video is about and this is different
than an entertainment where a lot of the
emphasis on post but for the vast
majority of businesses their advertising
and marketing comes down to educating
the customer or potential customer and
if education is the type of advertising
you do which is what most businesses do
then you need to put more into do people
find this interesting can I make it
simple rather than I'm just going to hit
record and see what happens yeah and the
thing that shifted my perspective on
This was um I think it's called calculus
Walla but it's this Indian Channel
where there's a guy who's like 20
million subscribers and he teaches like
physics Walla and like calculus and
these different classes and his videos
get like 10 20 million views just like
crazy crazy numbers and it's just a dude
in a whiteboard and when I saw that I
was like I am I am missing the boat here
like I am doing it all wrong and so we
have consistently stripped back more and
more of this postproduction put more and
more of it into pre so this video for
example like I have notes rather than
than uh just kind of like winging it and
then having the team just like cut
everything that was not as good out
right instead it's like okay let me be
more purposeful about the points that I
want to hit make sure that they actually
make sense in sequence so that
afterwards they don't have to reorder
the video and then cut out this thing
and then say hey could you resay this
part it was unclear it's like I have
examples I have clear language that I've
already thought about ahead of time so
that I can ultimately make a better
video for you and also an easier video
for my team to be able to produce so
that we can make more faster adding
razzled Dazzle and whizbangs is not
going to make a video more educational
so this next one is a really high
leverage concept which I overheard this
for the first time from a marketer named
Perry Belcher and it was I don't think
you even use this term but need to
believes all right and so need to
believes are basically like you want the
Fest amount of need to believes for a
customer to make a purchasing decision
and so I'll give you a bad example of a
business that I had then I'll give you a
good example
so with Prestige Labs one of the
difficulties that I had was that I had
to convince someone of two things I had
to convince gym owners that they should
sell supplements not all gym owners want
to sell supplements some gym owners are
against supplements but I had to
convince them that selling supplements
was not a bad thing then I had a second
thing that I had to convince them of
which is that Prestige Labs was a suppl
company that they should use and so I
had two need to beliefs and so it made
it a very difficult sale uh to get
someone because it was just too much
basically education in Too Short a
period of time
now over the Long Haul could you do
something like that yes knowing what I
know now I'd probably have a
multi-layered campaign one that
basically gets the first big decision
and then a second kind of campaign later
for warmer audience kind of like middle
of funnel that would then convert people
into specifically Prestige Labs uh
Affiliates or sellers retailers but
that's a lot of work and you're
definitely not going to make sales
quickly an alternative to that is that
if you look at most of the uh like real
estate investment space right so anybody
who who has funds who who invest in real
estate who flip real estate who help
people flip real estate find their first
properties whatever there's this need to
believe that doesn't really exist that
real estate helps people make money most
people generally agree that real estate
is an asset class many people have made
money in real estate and so there's just
not a lot that has to be believed for
someone to say okay well you are good at
real estate I will buy your thing to
help me could get at real estate and by
buying it it means either I I I give
money to your fund and then you do it on
my behalf or you you you help me Source
deals or whatever it is right and when
we think about like the ultimate
business opportunity of all time which I
think is
Amazon Amazon itself fundamentally had
the proposition to anybody who wanted to
sell anything all you have to do is
upload your product onto our site and
you can make money there's almost no
like you don't need to know how to
Market you don't need to know how to
sell you don't need to handle customer
service or customer support they took
away every conceivable reason for
someone that they would have to believe
in order to be successful they were like
you just need to follow this tutorial
and then just upload your product like
that's it and so as a result Amazon has
made a tremendous amount of money and so
the only real need to believe is that
someone else might buy my product on
Amazon and so people believe that and
then they buy so it's like they barely
even have a need to believe it's like a
half belie right and so when I think
about products and offers I think what
must a customer believe in in order to
make this purchase and do I have
multiple humps or Hills that I have to
get over and ideally I want to
reposition or repackage the product and
offer in such a way that there's either
no beliefs they have to believe or only
one and so if you're struggling to get
more customers and you want to get crazy
amounts of customers quickly you want to
limit the amount of things that they
need to learn or need to believe in
order to buy and the reason that giving
away tons of free stuff like I mentioned
at the very beginning is powerful is
that it will basically move more people
from H someone who needs more
information to someone who needs less
information and so fundamentally this is
what branding is on a large scale is
that you're educating a large percentage
of the audience and conquering some of
the need to believes before they make
the purchase if you try to go Cradle to
grave in one move you will usually sell
a smaller percentage of the marketplace
unless you have figured out how to make
that 6inch putt a 6-inch putt for
everyone like Amazon has same thing with
Uber it's like would you have to believe
in order to make money on Uber you just
have to be able to download an app you
know upload your drivers license not
have DUIs or whatever the requirements
are and you have to have a car and so as
long as you believe that when your phone
dings you will get paid it's not it's
not a huge hill that you have to get
over in order to make money this next
one is nasty so I am a big fan of split
testing right and you've probably seen
it with my thumbnails on you know these
YouTube videos um because fundamentally
why would you not want to get more for
what you put in you take all this time
to to to put together some notes think
about examples you know make sure that
it's easy to understand you know put
together a thumbnail it's like why would
we not just like test the thumbnail
image when we could have two things and
one of the thumbnails could like 3x the
views on the video like that's a high
leverage activity and So within the
business that you have in terms of
getting more customers I am all about
thinking in terms of orders of magnitude
but when you can get 10 20 30% boost and
you can do it in three or four parts of
the funnel you can double or triple the
amount that you're getting from what
you're already doing and when that
happens your profit will increase
disproportionately to your Revenue so if
you double revenue and you keep your
cost the same you could very well three
or fourx profit because that additional
Revenue might not have nearly the cost
of the first set of Revenue that you had
to incur with your fixed costs I want to
rank for you the most important split
tests that I do with a business the
first is going to be offers all right
that's the big obvious thing like what's
the thing that you're giving away or
that you're giving them the second is
going to be the packaging which is going
to be the headlines and sub headlines
the Third third is going to be the
images Associated all right with that
headline and that packaging now the
fourth one and this one's really the
biggest split test winners I've had have
come from one and four now the reason
four is fourth is because it's actually
really hard to do but the biggest
personal gains that I've had have come
from this which
is
third-party Integrations you're like
what does that even mean well a lot of
businesses use other technology you have
a software stack you have you know uh
you have a CRM you have auler you have a
form a form thing uh on your on your
site like all of these different pieces
typically exist but what those
third-party apps and tools don't
typically report on is what the
conversion rate is of their ux or their
user experience and so I have found some
unbelievable unlocks some of the biggest
absolute split test winners have come
from just saying like oh we're not going
to use this software to capture this
stuff we're going to use this software
and even though the Aesthetics were
basically the same outside of the third
party integration I have had this happen
four times in my career where this test
was like a company explosion in terms of
increase in sales and profit like really
big the reason most people don't do this
though is that it's hard so if you have
to split this different tools it's like
okay well we got some customers here in
this system we some customers here it's
kind kind of messy but it's one of the
most valuable things you can do and
what's interesting to me is that almost
no third party provider ever reports on
conversion rate data because honestly
how could they because everybody's
different but by having that and testing
it for yourself you'll see some of the
biggest gains that you've ever had one
of the cool things with all of these is
that when you implement these things you
get permanent lifts for the most part so
meaning like if you change the offer and
then everything crushes it's like great
that's the offer if you change the
headline you find out that's the
headline and it's like cool like this
just keeps converting for us so it's
like it's onetime effort for ongoing
gains and like those are my favorite
types of things to do in the world like
you know build once sell a thousand
times like those that I mean
fundamentally like a book same idea you
write a book once it's a lot of effort
once but then after that you can just
keep selling the book over and over and
over over again and same thing when you
give away free free products it's like
you build it once and then that can get
you unlimited amounts of leads last week
for Black Friday I um spent 200 plus
hours not on that day but leading up to
it come up with a scaling road map uh
basically taking a company from 0 to 100
million it's 14 hours that breaks 10
stages of growth for any company and it
divides it across eight different
functions of the business so Marketing
sales customer success product it HR
recruiting finance and so all of the
functions of the business what the
problem that you're dealing with right
now and what you need to do to graduate
that whole thing took me a really long
time to put together but now that it's
there and everyone can just like fill
bill out questions and get a
personalized solution for them and it's
free and it's better than other people
charge for then that can just
consistently get more businesses into my
world so the next big way of getting
customers so fast it should feel legal
is spend more waight that's not what it
is it's be able to spend more so let me
explain the difference so spending more
is just cool you increase your budget
sure and that can work but most
businesses like if you ask businesses
why they fail so they they do surveys in
the Census Bureau and I think the number
one reason that small businesses say
that they can't succeed is because they
have a lack of customers they have a
lack of leads they have a lack of demand
and the reality most of the time is not
that they have a lack of leads but that
they don't have a good enough business
to be able to afford them and so this is
where you have to solve the business
from back to front and so there was a
company um not that long ago that that
uh that came out here to the
headquarters and they're like we need
help scaling and I said so what do you
think your constraint is and their
constraint was leads cost too much by
the way leads costing too much is rarely
ever an issue the issue is usually that
you don't make enough money per customer
and here's a fun factoid for you that I
can share I look at a lot of different
companies every single day and that's
because we sift through deals and we
look for patterns between markets and so
right now for example I'm really
interested in the metpa space and I
would really like to get into into a
chain there so if you are metpa owner
and you have you know call it fiveish
million in EAA hit us up anyways one of
the things that's not unique between
different met spot chains is their cost
to acquire customers so the range of the
cost of getting people in the door is
usually actually not that different so
the benchmarks are usually maybe 1X 2x
of one another not huge but where the
major differences that exist between
change in terms of their success is
their LTV which is how much customers
are worth to that business over the long
term and this is usually where the rich
get richer this is why the biggest
companies in the world are the biggest
companies in the world Starbucks has a
$14,000 LTV now for Starbucks to acquire
a coffee customer is probably not going
to cost that much more if anything
they're probably wildly inefficient
because there's this m massive corporate
Behemoth right compared to the local
coffee shot down the street but if
they're going to head-to-head from an
actual per dollar per customer basis
usually the small local guy should be
able to out compete the big National Guy
where the big National guy gets them is
that they've got 40 or 50 years of
optimizing lifetime value per customer
so they know every single thing that
gets customers to come back what gets
them addicted what types of products on
what seasons what you know what pumps of
flavors to give what options to provide
which ones to cut they know all of these
things and that is how they out compete
and so right now if your cost to acquire
customer is about the same as your
industry which by the way you can
totally just Google this it's not that
hard you just say like uh average cost
cost customer insert industry right and
you can find it very quickly in a couple
Google searches that will then tell you
oh maybe I'm not that far off oh my
business is broken and so this often
happens a lot too where a small business
owner will be like those guys overcharge
I'm going to come into the market and
charge less it's like well there's a
reason that they charge more and why
they're bigger than you because they
make more money so they can charge more
because they've already figured this out
and so in my opinion the ability to
spend more is LTV and LTV is the arms
race of advertising
and if you can spend more than anyone
else can you can Outlast them because
here's a fact that will make a lot of
you uncomfortable advertising only
becomes more expensive over time the
cost to get a customer literally only
goes up the cost of Impressions cost of
eyeballs only goes up over time and so
you need to have a force in your
business that also concurrently goes up
over time which is your LTV customers
should continue to pay for the services
from you continue to buy your products
and you should be continually expanding
LTV so that as you go to colder and
colder markets on more and more
expensive media channels that you can
continue to outspend and earn a profit
and you might be wondering why doesn't
anyone do this well it's usually an
entirely different skill set and there's
usually fear associated with the actions
that most strongly increase LTV so
changing or raising prices something
that most business owners are terrified
of it's one of the strongest levers on
lifetime value and yet no one does it
and so they instead are like how can I
get you cheaper leads because they had
this one campaign this one time that
kind of worked and then they're like I
wish it was like that time it's kind of
like their heroin addicts where like the
first time they're you know they're
chasing the first high and everyone
every marketing campaign after that uh
they're trying to get lead cost to that
low it's never going to happen again
just get over it the first time you send
any kind of AD in a new market or you've
got a new offer it's always going to do
the best that's not going to be your
your stabilization point it's going to
get worse and so you have to build the
business to accommodate that rather than
stomp your feet and wish that leads were
cheaper oh yeah man I love this one all
right so affiliate models that work all
right so we're talking about getting
customers Stupid Fast all right one of
the highest leverage things you can do
is go to somebody who's already spent
years developing your audience and then
just ask to be promoted in front of it
now there's a number of ways of doing
this of course you can go for the Mega
influencers and things like that the way
that I have built every affiliate
business that I have run has been not
going after the Super Affiliates but
instead trying to AG at many smaller
businesses or nodes of new Revenue so
there is a business right now that
already has all the customers that you
want and they don't have your product
and you would both benefit from
collaborating rather than competing and
so here's the issue if I were to get on
stage in front of a thousand business
owners and say raise your hand if you
have a deal where if someone refers you
a customer you give them 20% half the
remov raise their hand they'd be like oh
yeah I do that and be like okay
everybody is raising your hands why
don't you go refer a customer to one
another and then the hands go down
because no one cares no one's going to
say okay I spent all this effort all
this time to build trust advertise sell
create a relationship and I'm just going
to hand them to you for 20% of your
ticket what do I care right I'd rather
just not even introduce the variable
just keep living my life and so if you
really want Affiliates to work you have
to make it so good that it hurts all
right and when I say that I mean you got
to give the affiliate so much that
you're like man they're going to make a
killing on this and this is how I like
to do it so let's say that you've got a
product all right that has uh let's see
if this drawing will actually work out I
don't know this is why I draw on an iPad
normally okay so let's say that we've
got your
product and you've got kind of four
components to it right I guess this is
more than four is it four no it's eight
whatever you get the idea all right and
you sell this thing for whatever
$1,000 okay so what we want to do is
we're going to say we want to take this
corner and we're going to peel this
thing off all right so this is just
going to be a little side project that
we have here just pretend that's a cube
this is still a and instead of saying
hey man I'll give you 20% give them 20%
of your product and give them
100% here what I'm
saying if I were a masseuse and what are
all the things that I do okay I might do
sports massage I might I might have the
the the lotions and the oils I might do
the the hot stone thing right or I might
be selling you know 10 10 Massage
packages or 20 Massage packages whatever
I would go to a business owner and
instead of saying hey I'll give you 20%
uh if you send me somebody who gets a
massage I would say hey man um why don't
you sell all your customers three
massages and you can sell it for
whatever you want
from me you can keep all the
money oh wait so this is like a well how
much can I charge whatever you want but
it's got to be at least this so that
minimum is whatever your price is
because you don't want to get cheap
customers in so let's say that your
price is uh is $100 so you say you have
to be able to sell uh those three
massages for at least 300 you can sell
for 500 you can sell for 300 you'll keep
the whole 300 I just need to make sure
the Price Is Right so it's the right
people so let's say these guys are like
oh my God these guys are nuts I'm gonna
sell these three Massage packages for
$500 and I'm gonna keep all of it you
know what I would think to
myself what's my cost so the cost of a
massage let's say that you uh you you
you pay your your your massage maybe
it's you right let's say you pay $30 per
massage and hard cost in terms of Labor
okay so would I pay
$90 to get somebody to do three sessions
with me that paid
$500 for those three sessions well that
sounds like an incredibly qualified lead
to me and not only is it $90 it's $90 in
no other work I'm not making ads I'm not
running them and buying media I'm not
building landing pages I'm not working
leads calling them sending them I don't
have any of that they already paid
they're going to show and so all I have
to do is just have an easy handoff where
they can just schedule them onto my
calendar and then they've already paid
so the likel they show is fine and the
rest of it's automated when that happens
and then you make this offer hey man and
you do that to a 100 businesses there's
a lot of businesses who are like oh I'm
down to sell something for $500 and do
no work and there's something mental
about you don't split it with me just
take all the money it's a very different
vibe and so what ends up happening is
they either use it as an upsell
or they include it in their $1,000 thing
and they put your thing in and they
charge the th000 and give them the three
massages you don't care either way you
have a $90 cost of getting somebody who
spent a lot of money and is perfectly
qualified for whatever your next thing
is and so then you just do the math and
say okay well I know that I convert one
out of three of these people one of
three into my $2,000 thing which means
that my cost to get a customer here
would be 3 * 90 which is
$270 so would I pay
$270 to get $2,000
hell yeah I would and without any of the
work of course and this is how you build
an affiliate model that gets you
customers Stupid Fast and gets you
Affiliates who are trying to fill up
your calendars because it actually makes
sense for them now so if you're going to
have Affiliates do it like you mean it
it has to be incentivizing enough to
change their behavior or it's useless
it's kind of like these these uh these
you know coupon codes that I see people
give out to like influencers it's like
10% off it's like
who cares like it like either I'm going
to buy the jacket or I'm not 10% is
probably not going to move the needle
for me at all now for me discounts have
to be 50% or higher for in my opinion
for a real change in Behavior we get a
massive increase in demand and so I
don't want to take that off my main
thing I want to peel my main thing and
then give 100% of that and so this next
one is truth and you're like what is
that even mean how is this going to get
me customers really fast well well lies
will certainly get you customers pretty
quickly but it also ruin your reputation
so you want truth to be your greatest
Ally not your greatest liability because
I will tell you a secret about
advertising nothing sells like the truth
and so one people talk about being
authentic well if you want your
advertising to be authentic just say
what's true and what's interesting is
that a lot of people won't tell the
truth about the things that actually
could help them so like if you're a
small business and you're getting
started say so if you
um if you don't have a huge amount of
capacity because you're small say so not
having a lot of capacity increases
scarcity it means that there's fewer
slots available not having a lot of
capacity indicates that there's probably
a high level of personalization and
Personal Touch being a small business
for many people is a pro there aren't as
many people are like buy big corporate
buy big corporate no people are like Buy
Local Buy small business right they
support small business and so like a lot
of what people think are negatives are
actually things that make their offer or
their business more compelling
especially to the Right audience and so
you want to arm yourself with truth and
think about how many different things
are true and if you want to get really
nasty with it you want to tell the truth
that also isn't as exciting upfront so
that when you sell your second piece of
Truth they will then believe you that
much more so I'll give you an example so
I remember we had a a location that had
bad parking and so we would say stuff
like listen we have you know we don't
have the biggest parking lot or we're
not the biggest gym in the neighborhood
you know we don't have more equipment
than the guys down the street but you
know what when you walk in this store
you're going to forget about all of that
because you're going to have so much fun
you're not even going to care because
this is a damaging admission it's X bad
thing here I'll show you the equation
for
this I'll show you the formula for this
so it's bad
bab
bad
but
good so but is an amplifier for this
word so if I said I have an incredibly
short temper I am
impatient and I don't shower very much
but I will be able to now you want this
to be relevant to the damaging
admissions
so but I make you laugh but I will make
you laugh your ass off all night for the
price of a couple
beers if you say that those negatives
then are diminished and the good thing
is Amplified and so if you know that
you're going to tell the truth and that
people are going to find out about this
anyways you might as well be the one who
controls the narrative and you can frame
it in a way that that bad truth helps
amplify your good truth obviously come
from the the fitness space and so the
examples that I think of um are there
which is sometimes you know like a one
of the gym owners was not like super in
shape they'd be like hey I'm not the
most in shaped guy but we have more fun
at our gym and people get great results
even though I like donuts a lot still
and so what happens is people are like
man this guy's so authentic and if you
don't say it they're going to think it
so you might as well account for it up
front answer the why should I listen to
you or what about about this big flaring
problem that I can obviously see you
want to control the narrative and make
that thing into a weapon for you make it
into an asset that serves your purpose
rather than something that cast doubt in
the prospect because if you claim it
they they like I don't know why this
works this way but it's kind of like
Eminem when he when he said all the
negative things in 8 Mile that anyone
else could say about him so no one else
could say anything bad it's like if you
claim them then people can't hold it
against you and the hardest thing in all
of marketing is getting someone to
believe you and so everything that you
can do to increase trust is one of the
best investments you can make in an
advertising campaign in general and
ultimately in building a brand the truth
isn't just a good strategy it's the only
long-term
strategy and it just takes people a
different amount of time to realize it
and once you've activated Affiliates
once you've given away crazy amounts of
stuff for free once you've doubled down
on the right people who are high
leverage in the position once you've
made the truth your Ally and you put
your negatives out in the marketing so
that people believe the good stuff that
you say and you focused on doing more
and doing better you're going to start
getting more customers than you can
handle and at that point you're going to
want to have a playbook for making so
much money that it should feel illegal
and if that's you watch the next video